Rn okta364354 remove dev console (#1905)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app-remediation/configure-packages/index.md

### Configure the package

You need the following values from the Okta Application and the Admin Console that you worked with in <GuideLink link="../create-okta-application">Create an Okta application</GuideLink>:

* **Client ID** &mdash; Find it in the applications list or on the application's **General** tab.
* **Client Secret** &mdash; Find it on the application's **General** tab.

> * **Issuer** &mdash; If you're using your Okta Org authorization server, this is found on the Admin's Console global header in the upper right corner. If you're using a custom authorization server, you can find the URL in the Admin Console dashboard under **Security** > **API** > **Authorization Servers**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Issuer** &mdash; If you're using your Okta Org authorization server, this is found in the Admin's Console global header in the upper-right corner of the page. If you're using a custom authorization server, you can find the URL in the Admin Console dashboard under **Security** > **API** > **Authorization Servers**.
```
